README.md, before:

## AWS Amplify React+Vite Starter Template

This repository provides a starter template for creating applications using React+Vite and AWS Amplify, emphasizing easy setup for authentication, API, and database capabilities.

## Overview

This template equips you with a foundational React application integrated with AWS Amplify, streamlined for scalability and performance. It is ideal for developers looking to jumpstart their project with pre-configured AWS services like Cognito, AppSync, and DynamoDB.

## Features

- **Authentication**: Setup with Amazon Cognito for secure user authentication.
- **API**: Ready-to-use GraphQL endpoint with AWS AppSync.
- **Database**: Real-time database powered by Amazon DynamoDB.

## Deploying to AWS

For detailed instructions on deploying your application, refer to the [deployment section](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/start/quickstart/#deploy-a-fullstack-app-to-aws) of our documentation.

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Added how to use locally

README.md, after:

## AWS Amplify React+Vite Starter Template

This repository provides a starter template for creating applications using React+Vite and AWS Amplify, emphasizing easy setup for authentication, API, and database capabilities.

## Overview

This template equips you with a foundational React application integrated with AWS Amplify, streamlined for scalability and performance. It is ideal for developers looking to jumpstart their project with pre-configured AWS services like Cognito, AppSync, and DynamoDB.

## Getting started locally

⚛️ React + Vite: Fast and modern frontend development stack.

🔐 Authentication (Mocked): Replace Cognito with local mock auth (e.g., username/password in-memory store or local storage).

🔌 API (Mocked): Stub or mock GraphQL/API endpoints using tools like MSW or json-server.

💾 Database (Mocked): Use in-memory data or a local JSON file to simulate database interactions.


npm install

npm run dev

## Features

- **Authentication**: Setup with Amazon Cognito for secure user authentication.
- **API**: Ready-to-use GraphQL endpoint with AWS AppSync.
- **Database**: Real-time database powered by Amazon DynamoDB.

## Deploying to AWS

For detailed instructions on deploying your application, refer to the [deployment section](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/start/quickstart/#deploy-a-fullstack-app-to-aws) of our documentation.

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.
